Whereas the insured by a proposal and declaration dated as stated in the Schedule which shall be the basis of this contract and is deemed to be incorporated herein has applied to the Company for the insurance hereinafter contained and has paid the premium mentioned
in the schedule as consideration for such insurance in respect of accidental loss or damage occurring during the period of insurance.
NOW THIS POLICY WITNESSETH: That subject to the Terms Exceptions and Conditions contained herein or endorsed or expressed hereon,
■ LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO THE VEHICLE INSURED(OWN DAMAGE)
The company will indemnify the insured against loss or damage to the vehicle insured hereunder and / or its accessories whilst thereon
i. by fire explosion self ignition or lightning;
ii. by burglary housebreaking or theft;
iii. by riot and strike;
iv. by earthquake (fire and shock damage);
v. by flood typhoon hurricane storm tempest inundation cyclone hailstorm frost;
vi. by accidental external means;
vii. by malicious act;
viii. by terrorist activity;
ix. whilst in transit by road rail in land-waterway lift elevator or air;
x. by landslide rockslide.
Subject to a deduction for depreciation at the rates mentioned below in respect of parts replaced:
1 For all rubber / nylon / plastic parts, tyres and tubes, batteries and air bags - 50%
2 For fibre glass components - 30%
3 For all parts made of glass - Nil.
4 Rate of depreciation for all other parts including wooden parts will be as per the following schedule
AGE OF VEHICLE % OF DEPRECIATION
Not exceeding 6 months Nil
Exceeding 6 months but not exceeding 1 year 5%
Exceeding 1 year but not exceeding 2 years 10%
Exceeding 2 years but not exceeding 3 years 15%
Exceeding 3 years but not exceeding 4 years 25%
Exceeding 4 years but not exceeding 5 years 35%
Exceeding 5 year but not exceeding 10 years 40%
Exceeding 10 years 50%
The Company shall not be liable to make any payment in respect of:
(a) consequential loss, depreciation, wear and tear, mechanical or electrical breakdown, failures or breakages;
(b) damage to tyres and tubes unless the vehicle is damaged at the same time in which case the liability of the company shall be limited to 50% of the cost of replacement, and
(c) any accidental loss or damage suffered whilst the insured or any person driving the vehicle with the knowledge and consent of the insured is under the influence of intoxicating liquor or drugs. In the event of the vehicle being disabled by reason of loss or damage
covered under this Policy the Company will bear the reasonable cost of protection and removal to the nearest repairer and redelivery to the insured but not exceeding in all Rs. 1500/- in respect of any one accident.
The insured may authorise the repair of the vehicle necessitated by damage for which the Company may be liable under this Policy provided that:
a) the estimated cost of such repair including replacements, if any does not exceed Rs.500/-;
b) the Company is furnished forthwith with a detailed estimate of the cost of repairs; and
c) the insured shall give the Company every assistance to see that such repair is necessary and the charges are reasonable..
SUM INSURED - INSURED'S DECLARED VALUE (IDV)
The Insured's Declared Value (IDV)of the vehicle will be deemed to be the 'SUM INSURED' for the purpose of this policy which is fixed at the commencement of each policy period for the insured vehicle.
The IDV of the vehicle (and accessories if any fitted to the vehicle) is to be fixed on the basis of the manufacturer's listed selling price of the brand and model as the vehicle insured at the commencement of insurance/renewal and adjusted for depreciation (as per
schedule below).
The insured vehicle shall be treated as a CTL if the aggregate cost of retrieval and / or repair of the vehicle, subject to terms and conditions of the policy, exceeds 75% of the IDV of the vehicle.
The age-wise depreciation will be as mentioned in the schedule in the 'IDV TABLE'.
This value will be applicable for the purpose of total loss/CTL.

AGE OF VEHICLE % OF DEPRECIATION FOR FIXING IDV
Not exceeding 6 months 5%
Exceeding 6 months but not exceeding 1 year 15%
Exceeding 1 year but not exceeding 2 years 20%
Exceeding 2 years but not exceeding 3 years 30%
Exceeding 3 years but not exceeding 4 years 40%
Exceeding 4 years but not exceeding 5 years 50%
IDV shall be treated as the 'Market Value' throughout the policy period without any further depreciation for the purpose of Total Loss (TL) / Constructive Total Loss (CTL) claims.
■ LIABILITY TO THIRD PARTIES
1. Subject to the limits of liability as laid down in the Schedule hereto the Company will indemnify the insured in the event of an accident caused by or arising out of the use of the insured vehicle against all sums which the insured shall become legally liable to pay in
respect of:-
a) death of or bodily injury to any person including occupants carried in the insured vehicle (provided such occupants are not carried for hire or reward) but except so far as it is necessary to meet the requirements of Motor Vehicles Act, the Company shall not be liable
where such death or injury arises out of and in the course of the employment of such person by the insured.
b) damage to property other than property belonging to the insured or held in trust or in the custody or control of the insured.
PROVIDED ALWAYS that the company shall not be liable in respect of death injury or damage caused or arising beyond the limits of any carriageway or thoroughfare in connection with the bringing of the load to the vehicle for loading thereon or the taking away of
the load from the vehicle after unloading there from.
2. The Company will pay all costs and expenses incurred with its written consent.
3. In terms of and subject to the limitations of the indemnity granted by this section to the insured, the Company will indemnify any driver who is driving the vehicle on the insured's order or with insured's permission provided that such driver shall as though he/she was
the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the terms exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they apply.
4. In the event of the death of any person entitled to indemnity under this policy the Company will in respect of the liability incurred by such person indemnify his/her personal representative in terms of and subject to the limitations of this Policy provided that such
personal representative shall as though such representative was the insured observe fulfill and be subject to the terms exceptions and conditions of this Policy in so far as they apply
5. The Company may at its own option
a) arrange for representation at any Inquest or Fatal Inquiry in respect of any death which may be the subject of indemnity under this Policy and
b) Undertake the defence of proceedings in any Court of Law in respect of any act or alleged offence causing or relating to any event which may be the subject of indemnity under this policy.
AVOIDANCE OF CERTAIN TERMS AND RIGHT OF RECOVERY
Nothing in this Policy or any endorsement hereon shall affect the right of any person indemnified by this Policy or any other person to recover an amount under or by virtue of the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act. But the insured shall repay to the Company all sums
paid by the Company which the Company would not have been liable to pay but for the said provisions.
APPLICATION OF LIMITS OF INDEMNITY
In the event of any accident involving indemnity to more than one person any limitation by the terms of this Policy and/or of any endorsement thereon of the amount of any indemnity shall apply to the aggregate amount of indemnity to all persons indemnified and such
indemnity shall apply in priority to the insured.
■ PERSONAL ACCIDENT COVER FOR OWNER-DRIVER
Subject otherwise to the terms exceptions conditions and limitation of this policy The Company undertakes to pay compensation as per the following scale for bodily injury/death sustained by the owner-driver of the vehicle, in direct connection with the vehicle insured
or whilst driving or mounting into/dismounting from the vehicle insured or whilst travelling in it as a co-driver, caused by violent accidental external and visible means which independent of any other cause shall within six calendar months of such injury result in:

Nature of Injury Scale of Compensation
(i) Death 100%
(ii) Loss of two limbs or sight of two eyes or one limb and sight of one eye 100%
(iii) Lossof one limb or sight of one eye 50%
(iv) Permanent total disablement from injuries other than named above. 100%
Provided always that

Page 3 of 3
1) "Policy Issuing Office: Delhi",
2) "Consolidated Stamp Duty deposited as per the order of Government of National Capital Territory of Delhi"
FOR QCS/CLAIMS CALL 1800 103 5499(Toll Free),0124-4285499 or SMS"CLAIM" to 56161
a) compensation shall be payable under only one of the items (i) to (iv) above in respect of the owner-driver arising out of any one occurrence and the total liability of the insurer shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum of Rs. during any one period of insurance.
b) no compensation shall be payable in respect of death or bodily injury directly or indirectly wholly or in part arising or resulting from or traceable to (1) intentional self injury suicide or attempted suicide physical defect or infirmity or (2) an accident happening whilst
such person is under the influence of intoxicating liquor or drugs.
c) Such compensation shall be payable directly to the insured or to his/her legal representatives whose receipt shall be the full discharge in respect of the injury to the insured.
This cover is subject to
i) the owner-driver is the registered owner of the vehicle insured herein;
ii) the owner-driver is the insured named in this policy
iii) the owner-driver holds on effective driving license, in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 of the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989, at the time of the accident.
GENERAL EXCEPTIONS (Applicable to all Sections of the Policy)
The Company shall not be liable under this Policy in respect of
1. any accidental loss or damage and/or liability caused sustained or incurred outside the geographical area;
2. any claim arising out of any contractual liability;
3. any accidental loss damage and/or liability caused sustained or incurred whilst the vehicle insured herein is
a) being used otherwise than in accordance with the 'Limitations as to Use' or
b) being driven by or is for the purpose of being driven by him/her in the charge of any person other than a Driver as stated in the Drivers' Clause.
4. a) Any accidental loss or damage to any property whatsoever or any loss or expense whatsoever resulting or arising there from or any consequential loss
b) any liability of what so ever nature directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel. For the purpose of this
exception combustion shall include any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission.
5. Any accidental loss or damage or liability directly or indirectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from nuclear weapons material.
6. Any accidental loss damage and/or liability directly or indirectly or proximately or remotely occasioned by contributed to by or traceable to or arising out of or in connection with war, invasion, the act of foreign enemies, hostilities or warlike operations (whether
before or after declaration of war) civil war, mutiny rebellion, military or usurped power or by any direct or indirect consequence of any of the said occurrences and in the event of any claim hereunder the insured shall prove that the accidental loss damage and/or
liability arose independently of and was in no way connected with or occasioned by or contributed to by or traceable to any of the said occurrences or any consequences thereof and in default of such proof, the Company shall not be liable to make any payment in respect
of such a claim.
DEDUCTIBLE
The Company shall not be liable for each and every claim under Own Damage Section (loss of or damage to the vehicle insured) of this Policy in respect of the deductible stated in the schedule.
CONDITIONS
This Policy and the Schedule shall be read together and any word or expression to which a specific meaning has been attached in any part of this policy or of the Schedule shall bear the some meaning wherever it may appear.
1. Notice shall be given in writing to the Company immediately upon the occurrence of any accidental loss or damage in the event of any claim and thereafter the insured shall give all such information and assistance as the Company shall require. Every letter claim writ
summons and/or process or copy thereof shall be forwarded to the Company immediately on receipt by the insured. Notice shall also be given in. writing to the Company immediately the insured shall have knowledge of any impending prosecution, inquest or fatal
inquiry in respect of any occurrence which may give rise to a claim under this Policy In case of theft or criminal act which may be the subject of a claim under this Policy the insured shall give immediate notice to the police and co-operate with the Company in securing
the conviction of the offender
2. No admission offer promise payment or indemnity shall be made or given by or on behalf of the insured without the written consent of the Company which shall be entitled if it so desires to take over and conduct in the name of the insured the defence or settlement of
any claim or to prosecute in then a me of the insured for its own benefit any claim for indemnity or otherwise and shall have full discretion in the conduct of any proceedings or in the settlement of any claim and the insured shall give all such information and assistance
as the Company may require.
3. The Company may at its own option repair reinstate or replace the vehicle or part thereof and/or its accessories or may pay in cash the amount of the loss or damage and the liability of the Company shall not exceed :
a) for total loss/constructive total loss of the vehicle - the Insured's Declared Value (IDV) of the vehicle (including accessories thereon) as specified in the Schedule less the value of the wreck.
b) for partial losses, i.e. losses other than Total Loss/Constructive Total Loss of the vehicle - actual and reasonable costs of repair and/or replacement of parts lost/damaged subject to depreciation as per limits specified
4. The insured shall take all reasonable steps to safeguard the vehicle from loss or damage and to maintain it in efficient condition and the Company shall have at all times free and full access to examine the vehicle or any part thereof or any driver or employee of the
insured. In the event of any accident or breakdown, the vehicle shall not be left unattended without proper precautions being taken to prevent further damage or loss and if the vehicle be driven before the necessary repairs are effected any extension of the damage or any
further damage to the vehicle shall be entirely at the insured's own risk.
5. The Company may cancel the policy by sending seven days notice by recorded delivery to the insured at insured's last known address and in such event will return to the insured the premium paid less the pro rata portion thereof for the period the Policy has been in
force or the policy may be cancelled at any time by the insured on seven day's notice by recorded delivery and provided no claim has arisen during the currency of the policy, the insured shall be entitled to a return of premium less premium at the Company's Short
Period rates for the period the Policy has been in force. Return of the premium by the company will be subject to retention of the minimum premium of Rs. 100/- (or Rs. 25/- in respect of vehicles specifically designed/modified for use by blind/handicapped/mentally
challenged persons). Where the ownership of the vehicle is transferred, the policy cannot be cancelled unless evidence that the vehicle is insured elsewhere is produced.
6. If at the time of occurrence of an event that gives rise to any claim under this policy there is in existence any other insurance covering the same liability the Company shall not be liable to pay or contribute more than its rateable proportion of any compensation, cost or
expense.
7. If any dispute or difference shall arise as to the quantum to be paid under this policy [liability being otherwise admitted), such difference shall independent of all other questions be referred to the decision of a sole arbitrator to be appointed in writing by the parties to
the dispute or if they cannot agree upon a single arbitrator within 30 days of any party invoking Arbitration, the some shall be referred to a panel of three arbitrators comprising two arbitrators one to be appointed by each of the parties to the dispute/difference, and a
third arbitrator to be appointed by such two arbitrators who shall act as the presiding arbitrator and Arbitrations shall be conducted under and in accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1 996. It is clearly agreed and understood that no
difference or dispute shall be referable to Arbitration as hereinbefore provided, if the Company has disputed or not accepted liability under or in respect of this policy. It is hereby expressly stipulated and declared that it shall be condition precedent to any right of action
or suit upon this policy that the award by such arbitrator/arbitrators of the amount of the loss or damage shall be first obtained. It is also hereby further expressly agreed and declared that if the Company shall disclaim liability to the insured for any claim hereunder and
such claim shall not, within twelve calendar months from the date of such disclaimer have been made the subject matter of a suit in a court of law, then the claim shall for all purposes be deemed to have been abandoned and shall not thereafter be recoverable hereunder.
8. The due observance and fulfilment of the terms, conditions and endorsements of this Policy in so far as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by the insured and the truth of the statements and answers in the said proposal shall be conditions precedent to
any liability of the Company to make any payment under this Policy
9. In the event of the death of the sole insured, this policy will not immediately lapse but will remain valid for a period of three months from the date of the death of insured or until the expiry of this policy (which ever is earlier). During the said period, legal heir(s) of
the insured to whom the custody and use of the Motor Vehicle passes may apply to have this Policy transferred to the name(s) of the heir(s) or obtain a new insurance policy for the Motor Vehicle.
Where such legal heir(s) desire(s) to apply for transfer of this policy or obtain a new policy for the vehicle such heir(s) should make an application to the Company accordingly within the aforesaid period. All such applications should be accompanied by:-
a) Death Certificate in respect of the insured
b) Proof of title to the vehicle
c) Original Policy

On Road Protector()
In event of Covered Vehicle suffering an immobilizing break down, this policy includes the following benefitsBenefits *
Emergency Towing Assistance Tyre problem / change On Site Minor Repairs Locked/lost keys
Fuel Delivery Vehicle Extraction Accommodation Assistance Onward Travel benefits
Taxi Benefit Breakdown support over phone Facilitate Finding Nearest Authorized Garage SMS Service
User Conference Calling Emergency Message Transmission Assistance Medical Referral Legal Referral

*The above are only indicative features.
In event of a breakdown, kindly contact us on 24x7 Toll free - 1800 267 6787
We thank you and express our sincere gratitude for reposing confidence and trust in us by placing your automobile insurance with us.
We would like to inform you that to take care of your personal, family and business needs, we have following other insurance products1. Individual Medishield Insurance and Swasthya Kavach (family floater health policy): This insurance takes care of hospitalization expenses (both cashless /reimbursement) including pre and post
hospitalization expenses arising out of any illness or injury, for costs related to consulting physicians, medicines, various contingent diagnosis and treatment.
2. Home & Family Protector & Home Suvidha: This insurance takes care of protection to your house(building) and various household contents ranging from clothes, furniture's & fittings, kitchen utensils and
crockery's, electronic and electrical equipments like TV, washing machine, computers, AC's etc. against perils like fire, earthquake, flood, storm, theft, burglary, breakdown etc. In this policy personal accident to
you & your family and liability to third parties including to your domestic servants are covered. Increased cost of living due to damage to structure due to insured perils and various other insurances are covered. A
variant of this called "Home Suvidha" comes with fixed Sum Insured, fixed most relevant sections & fixed premium.
3. Personal Accident: - This insurance takes care of you and your family in event of Death, Permanent or Temporary Disability caused by an accident.
4. Trade Protector & Trade Suvidha: This insurance takes care of protection to your businesses against various risks. It covers building, contents, stocks against fire, burglary, earthquake, flood, storm etc.It also
covers damage to refrigerated goods due to variation in temperature, loss of money, accidental breakage of fixed glass and sanitary fittings in the premises, fidelity guarantee, personal accident for you and your
employees, goods in transit, Baggage, liability towards third parties including employees. A variant of this called "Trade Suvidha" comes with fixed Sum Insured, fixed most relevant sections & fixed premium.
5. Office Protector: This insurance takes care of protection to professional service centers/offices like Museums, Libraries, Schools, College, Hospitals including diagnostic centers and clinics, Clubs, offices of
chartered accountants, advocates, architects, various consulting firms etc. It covers building, contents, stocks against fire, burglary, earthquake, flood, storm etc. Further the Professional liability to Medical
Practitioners and Doctors, Architects, Engineers, Interior Decorators, Advocates and Solicitors, Electronic Equipment, Personal Accident to you and your employees, Money, Fidelity Guarantee, Business
Interruptions, Baggage, Third Party Liability and Workmen Compensation and many other risks are covered.
6. Jewellers Block Protector: This insurance provides protection to Jewellery shops for the stock in trade (i.e. Jewellery of gold, pearls and precious stones, gems etc.) whilst in premises and/or carried outside
premises. It also covers furniture, fixtures, building, accidental death / disablement risks for employees, breakage of glass and sanitary fittings, liability risk towards public and employees, money in transit and at
premises etc.
Please provide us your contact details (email id, phone number - landline and mobile) and update this whenever there is any change. We are sure that you will find us at your doorsteps whenever you need us. Kindly contact us
on 24x7 Toll free - 1800 103 5499 or visit our website www.iffcotokio.co.in or feel free to visit any of our office or our concerned Channel Partner.
The above are only indicative features. For details, kindly refer to Policy Wordings.
We have many more products to cater to your various insurance requirements.